## Summary
This graphic's purpose is to depict the relationship between victory and achieving some sort of goal (e.g., getting 'first blood'). In other words, the graphic attempts to depict the relationship between momentum and victory.

_Note_: Each folder contains a python script make_data.py. Executing this script generates the sankey_data file relevant to the respective index.html.

## Design
* My plan initially was to replicate the sankey in P4 generated by R (with some interactive functionality to the replication included). However, after considering others' inputs, I realized that there is a better way to depict the relationship between victory and achieving some goal.  
* Following the first reviewer's comment, I reorganized the nodes such that the winner nodes are positioned to the left and every 'first' node is positioned to the right. I also included the highlighting functionality that she suggested.
* Following the second reviewer's comment, I decided to display only those 'first' nodes that are true. I also added pop-up text to the existing hover functionality.
* Following the final reviewer's comment, I rewrote the title.
* The changes following the first reviewer's comment are manifest in index.html in the folder 'stage2'. The changes following the second and third reviewers' comments are manifest in index.html in the folder 'final-product'. index.html in 'stage1' contains the depiction before review.

## Feedback
1. It is hard to relate each 'first' to a particular winner. That is, I can't follow from left to right any path on the graph. Maybe you should consider reorganizing each box? Or maybe you can add a response: when a user hovers his/her mouse over a path, the path is highlighted. I'm not sure if this will solve the issue of not being able to read the graph from left to right, but I think it would be a helpful feature.
2. I'm having a difficult time making sense of all the information. The main reason for this, I think, is that it's also hard to consider both true and false 'first' boxes, since they aren't positioned near each other.
3. Everthing looks really great. Overall, there does seem to be a link between winning and achieving a 'first', and the link is more pronounced for some 'first' boxes than others. The only thing you might want to consider changing is the title. We know it's a sankey diagram, but even if we didn't, is that information pertinent to the purpose of this image?

## Resources
This data was obtain through [Riot's Developer API](https://developer.riotgames.com/getting-started.html). Please see [P4](https://github.com/uipo78/data-analyst-nanodegree/tree/master/P4) for more detail on how 'orig_data.csv' was made ('match_teams-csv_formatter.py' in particular).

[Sankey diagram resource](https://bost.ocks.org/mike/sankey/)
